# Version 3.0
Welcome to our third major update!  We've got a lot to cover today, so be sure to read everything (there are important notices in here too).  Let's get started!

⚠️ **Database Regression:**
Due to a recent issue with our original database provider, the database was shutdown unexpectedly and we were forced to revert back to a backup we made in August.  We are now using a new database and are working on re-verifying bots that were previously verified and granting premium to those who had premium before the wipe.  To see if you were affected by the wipe, run `b!bump`.  You'll know right then and there if you were or not.  Any questions should be directed to our support server.

📜 **UI Updates:**
We've completely revamped our command UIs!  We've also added some new emojis that are more oriented to the bot's theme.  These include new status emojis, etc.  We've also revamped the `info` command to show more information regarding the bot's internals!  We've also updated the `bump` command to add the approximate number of viewers that your ad has reached.  The help command has gotten an update, so it's much smaller than it was prior.  To get more detailed information on a command, run `b!help [command_name]`.

⚙️ **Backend Updates:**
We've updated the backend of the bot to make the bot faster!  We've partially updated our blacklist system (which is not done yet) for a better filtering, but when we're done with the system update, all current blacklists will most likely be removed (time for a second chance!).  We've also fixed up some smaller errors with the `setup` and `edit` command that caused it to error out when ran.  We're also in the process of refining our anti-spam system.

➕ **More to Come:**
We've got a lot in store for more updates!  We can't wait to share them with you!  That's it for today!  Thanks for reading and have a great day!